feat(serverless): pricing references update (#6473)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/serverless-containers/faq.mdx

#### Principles

Serverless Containers is billed on a pay-as-you-go basis, strictly on resource consumption (Memory and CPU). You only pay for the computing resources you use, with no upfront provisioning costs or charges for idle capacity.

> For detailed and up-to-date pricing information, please refer to the [official Scaleway pricing page](https://www.scaleway.com/en/pricing/serverless/#serverless-containers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed and up-to-date information on pricing, refer to the [official Scaleway pricing page](https://www.scaleway.com/en/pricing/serverless/#serverless-containers).
```

| Amount of vCPU allocated   | 70 mvCPU     	|
| Free tier                  | Yes          	|

#### Price calculation

<Message type="info">

> This calculation is provided for illustrative purposes only. For accurate and up-to-date pricing, please refer to the [official Scaleway pricing page](https://www.scaleway.com/en/pricing/serverless/#serverless-containers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This calculation is provided for illustrative purposes only. For detailed and up-to-date information on pricing, refer to the [official Scaleway pricing page](https://www.scaleway.com/en/pricing/serverless/#serverless-containers).
```
